---
title: 'Welcome home!'
description: "No grand opening, no big reveal. Just a blank piece of paper to scribble on!"
date: 2025-08-22
---

It's 10pm on a Friday! My frustration has reached a tipping point.
I've always wanted a website that is more of a playground, or a continues stream of thoughts that are more free to explore. I'm not going to make any promisies, no super polished posts. Just me talking mostly to myself about the stuff I feel needs a place.

## The Lizards Den

So this site lives on goldenlizard.io, or at least it will once I upload it. I've been holding on to the Golden Lizard name for a long time hoping to make a company for it.
This is now my den, though I am not the golden lizard.

It's pissing me off how much time I've spent wanting a website. And I've created a few sites in my time, but I think they all tried to chase some sort of corporate rabbit. Trying to be all fancy.
This persuit kept me away from what I really care about and what I have spent most of my life doing. Exploring ideas and learning stuff.
I've chased a career and reached my goals, but found that after all these years there's not much to call my own. Sure I have work on the big screen and my name on some credits but I think it's time to craft other stuff.

I just feel like I have so much to give, but always had to package it up in this fine piece of silver wrapping before it was "ready." Which it never did. So I think I'll have to take some time now and collect and just.. post.

## I forgot what sharing is

I'm sure many can relate to what I'm about to say. I never felt that what I had was valuable enough to share.
And it's bullshit, we're at the dawn of AI generation. We're already seeing PILES of shit plastered all over the internet, to a point where finding real human work becomes increasingly challenging.
Now I am all for using AI to learn, and create as a CO-PILOT, but what we're seeing is that AI is becoming the Pilot. And thought I'm sure there's a time and place for the AI overlord to take over anything worth doing, I think there's still room for us.


### Off we go.

I wish I could say this time is different. Since that's what I said in every damn re-brand I did for my previous website.
Even saying that immediately put the pressure on to start producing. Fuck it.