---
draft: false
title: 'Welcome to the workshop'
description: "No grand opening, no big reveal. Just a blank piece of paper to scribble on!"
tags: ['ramble']
date: 2025-08-22
---

It's 10pm on a Friday! And the urge to setup a website hit. It hits on a regular basis year to year, but I would argue this time is different. 
I've always wanted a website that is more of a playground, a workshop for me to share what I am currently fired up about. 

I've made numorus sites chasing this idea of sharing my work, but I need something more laid back. Somewhere I can show what is inspiring to me, what I find fascinating and generally stuff that makes me feel creative.
So this is what I'll be doing here, it's a low effort more casual space.

## The Lizards Den

The Lizards den is a play on goldenlizard.io (This website). I've been holding on to the Golden Lizard name for a long time hoping to make a company out of it since I really dig the name. But for now this is all it is.


And I've created a few sites in my time, but I think they all tried to chase some sort of corporate rabbit. Trying to be all fancy.
This persuit kept me away from what I really care about and what I have spent most of my life doing. Exploring ideas and learning stuff.

## I forgot what sharing is

I'm sure many can relate to this. I always felt that in order to share it needed to be of certain quality, now sure some quality is always warrented. But not to the detriment of actually sharing anything.
We're at the dawn of AI generation. We're already seeing PILES of shit plastered all over the internet, to the point where finding real human work becomes increasingly challenging.

Now I am all for using AI to learn, and create as a CO-PILOT, but what we're seeing is that AI is becoming the Pilot. Why are we outsourcing creativity? 

I'm sure there's a time and place for the AI overlord to take over anything worth doing, I think there's still room for us.

### Off we go!